add more information about ScandiPWA integration and also logo Scandi… (#1200)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/integrations/pwa/scandipwa/manual.md

---
title : "MultiSafepay ScandiPWA Integration"
meta_title: "ScandiPWA storefront integration plugin manual - MultiSafepay Docs"
meta_description: "The MultiSafepay Documentation Center presents all relevant information about our Plugins and API. You can also find support pages for payment methods, tools and general questions as well as the contact details of our Support and Integration Teams."
---

### 1. Requirements
- To use the plugin you need a MultiSafepay account. You can create a test account on https://testmerchant.multisafepay.com/signup
- Installed [MultiSafepay Magento 2 GraphQL](https://github.com/MultiSafepay/magento2-graphql) plugin for support GraphQL queries.
- Meet other requirements for ScandiPWA 4.x and Magento on [official ScandiPWA docs](https://docs.scandipwa.com/getting-started/getting-started/magento-integration#prerequisites)

### 2. Supported Payment Methods ###

> The supported Payment Methods & Giftcards for this plugin can be found over here: [Payment Methods & Giftcards](https://docs.multisafepay.com/plugins/magento2/faq/#available-payment-methods-in-magento-2)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The supported payment methods & gift cards for this plugin [can be found here](https://docs.multisafepay.com/plugins/magento2/faq/#available-payment-methods-in-magento-2)
```

### 3. Installation & Configuration (GitHub)

> If you would like to install the MultiSafepay plugin into you ScandiPWA application, please use this [installation instructions](https://github.com/MultiSafepay/scandipwa-multisafepay-payment-integration) on our GitHub page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to install the MultiSafepay plugin into your ScandiPWA application, please use this [installation instructions](https://github.com/MultiSafepay/scandipwa-multisafepay-payment-integration) on our GitHub page.
```
